what is a search term
a search term is a word or short phrase
that we write in a search engine when we
are looking for something
google yahoo bing and baidu are examples
of search engines
the search term or search query usually
contains a keyword
keywords or key phrases are terms that
website designers use to improve the
search engine ranking of their website
search terms may consist of just one
word two words or an entire phrase
for example if i type the word apple inc
i want to find out more about apple the
tech giant if i type a phrase such as
how to tie my shoelaces properly
i am seeking instructions on how to tie
my shoelaces
worldwide people search terms in search
engines online billions of times each
day
so what's the difference between a
search term and a keyword
a keyword is very similar to a search
term
marketing professionals and website
copywriters focus on keywords
if i place ads on google i tell them
which keywords i want the keywords will
be in the search terms i believe
potential clients would use on google
when you enter a search term your search
engine for example google presents you
with a search engine results page or
serp
websites that rank high on serps get
more visitors than other sites
web designers and marketing
professionals try to get their websites
to rank high on serps
search engine optimization
marketing professionals web designers
and copywriters try to include words and
phrases that match the search terms most
suited to their website
they are involved in search engine
optimization or seo
their aim is for their website to appear
on the first search engine results page
thank you for watching this brief video
on search terms